
***** VIDEOINPUT LIBRARY - 0.1995 - TFW07 *****

Camera(s)/Video Initialized...
Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Subtraction
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/absSubtract.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Subtraction
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/subtract.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Contrast
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/contrast.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Gaussian Blur
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/gaussH.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Gaussian Blur
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/gaussH.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Gaussian Blur
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/gaussH.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Gaussian Blur
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/gaussH.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Threshold
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/threshold.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:Copy
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/copy.fs


Frame buffer status: 36053
Loading Filter...
Filter Name:GrayScale
loading Shaders vs:(null), gs:(null), fs:data/shaders/grayScale.fs


Starting in standalone mode...

Starting in full mode...

CCV is Initialized!

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

[warning] ofSetColor(int hexColor) - has changed to ofSetColor(int gray) - perhaps you want ofSetHexColor instead?

Vision module has exited!
